Pool incentives (#105)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: x/pool-incentives/spec/01_concepts.md

<!--
order: 1
-->

# Concepts

> The purpose of the `pool incentives` module is to distribute incentives to the pool LPs within the `Gamm` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the `pool incentives` module is to distribute incentives to a pool's LPs. This assumes that pool's follow the interface from the `x/gamm` module
```

> `Pool incentives` module doesn't directly distribute the rewards to the LPs. When a pool is created, the `pool incentives` module creates a `pot` in the `incentives` module for every lock duration that exists. Also, the `pool incentives` module takes a part of the minted inflation from the mint module, and automatically distributes it to the various selected pots.

Reviewer 2: Can we rename the module to something like OsmoRewards to specify that this is for base asset rewards specifically

Reviewer 2: Maybe BaseRewards then?

Reviewer 2: I'd like to change this eventually, but right now, not worth the time.
